Add postman collection and README for general workflow (#782)
nucypher/nucypher: examples/postman/README.md

## Postman collection

This collection is designed to help in testing the nucypher encryption workflow.  Each item is linked to environment variables that are injected into future calls.

The order to call the collection is as follows

- Alice/derive_policy_pubkey (create a policy)
- Enrico/encrypt_message (encrypt some data inside the policy)
- Bob/public_keys (Get Bob's keys so alice can grant him permission)
- Alice/grant (Grant bob permission to see the policy's data)
- Bob/retrieve (Get alice's data)

> If you try to recieve the data before you are granted access you will be returned a 500 in the current version 0.0.14-alpha

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you try to receive the data before you are granted access you will be returned a 500.
```

Reviewer 2: version number is wrong here - it is `v0.1.0-alpha.14`

Reviewer: I think it's better to not mention a specific version. An in any case, if we leave that like that, wouldn't bumpversion update it automatically, defeating this way the original intention of the sentence?

Author: I can remove the version, it was more to document the return, If we add this to CI the test will say we expect a 500 for the first call and no version will be necessary.  we could assert a version is returned if wanted.

Reviewer 2: :+1:

Reviewer 3: @mallek Can you apply this suggestion to your PR here? We'll merge it as soon as that is in.
